-- ircd-hybrid-7.1rc4 RELNOTES
o) Fix max_global bug
o) Fix interoperability in invite
o) Allow multiple oper user hosts
o) Only allow chanops to invite users to channels

-- ircd-hybrid-7.1rc3 RELNOTES
o) Disallow locally connected users from doing hash lookups by ID
o) Fixed a bug that could have caused network-wide channel desyncs
o) Added operator:encrypted configuration directive
o) Fix bug in invite code which could have been abused
o) Added support for CIDR glines
o) Display SIDs in /map to opers only
o) Expanded testmask
o) Fixed memory leak with x-lines
o) m_force (contrib) fixes
o) /whois addition of IP showing
o) Halfops patch re-integrated
o) Fixed possible desync in m_sjoin
o) Fixed server masking bugs (fakename)
o) Fixed can_idle and added documentation for it
o) Added resv_exempt to auth{} options


-- ircd-hybrid-7.1rc2 RELNOTES
o) Fixed build system to include ChangeLog
o) Updated missing entries in 7.1rc1 RELNOTES (see below)
o) Introduced new Fowler/Noll/Vo (FNV) hash algorithm
o) Fixed half broken sigio support
o) Allow users messaging themselves even if +g is set
o) Fixed bug causing remote servers to cut off the last character of a 50char-gecos


-- ircd-hybrid-7.1rc1 RELNOTES
o) Added m_etrace.c and confgen.pl to contrib/
o) Fixed serious nick TS bug which could have led to desyncs
o) Various fixes and improvements to ircd's configuration scanner
o) Fixed incorrect /INFO output
o) Non-critical resolver bugs fixed
o) Disallow '"' in kline and xline host/gecos
o) Fixed statistics generation
o) Fixed CIDR matchine
o) Fixed idletime
o) Fixed null kline reason for anti-idle kline
o) Fixed TS6 compability with m_links, m_admin, etc
o) Fixed bug which would allow clients in a certain state to flood the daemon


-- ircd-hybrid-7.1beta1 RELNOTES
o) TS6 support has been introduced, although it is still not to be
   used on production networks.
o) Halfops are no longer a configure option - if you prefer to use
   them, you have to patch the source against contrib/halfops.diff;
   anonops (+a) have been ripped out completely.
o) A new, more effective hash algorithm (from ircu).
o) Linebufs have been replaced with the new rewritten dbuf code;
   noticeable performance improvements to the network I/O system.
o) Major changes to the configure script.
o) LIST extensions borrowed from undernet (SAFELIST, channel filtering -
   see contrib/help/opers/list for more details).
o) A native i18n support is provided instead of the former gettext,
   which is no longer needed. Old message files have been updated
   according to the new format, plus some new translations are available.
o) Removed virtual channels
o) The user-channel membership handling has been entirely rewritten to
   be more CPU friendly
o) Fixed a possible /CHALLENGE memory leak
o) Removed OpenVMS support
o) CRYPT_OPER_PASSWORD is now runtime configurable via ircd.conf

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is the current beta version of ircd-hybrid-7.1.

NOTE: This is still BETA code.  Run it at your own risk.  By running this
 code you assume FULL responsibility for any problems it may cause.  We do
 NOT recommend that you run BETA code on production IRC networks such
 as EFnet.

BUGS: Major bugs in this release are listed in BUGS

BUG REPORTS: If you run this code and encounter problems, you must report
 the bug in one of the following ways:
  a) By EMAIL to bugs@ircd-hybrid.org.  
 Please include a gdb backtrace and a copy of your setup.h, defaults.h, and
 ircd.conf with any report  (with passwords and other sensitive
 information masked).

DISCUSSION: There is a mailing list for discussion of hybrid issues,
 including betas.  To subscribe, use this link:
    https://lists.ircd-hybrid.org/mailman/listinfo/hybrid
 This is the proper place to discuss new features, bugs, etc.  Posting here
 is much more likely to get something done than ranting on #TZ.

TESTING: This code is under active development, and a lot changes from beta
 to beta.  As the user of this code, we request that you help us test things
 which have changed recently, and which would benefeit from being tested
 much as possible.  The following are some things that have changed, and what
 you can do to help us test them.
     o) Mac OS X Modules
        - Support for Darwin and Mac OS X style modules, through the
          NSModule(3) interface has been added, and is designed to work as
          loadable modules do on most UNIX systems.  Feeding it bad or
          duplicate modules to find bugs would be appriciated.


Questions/comments directed to bugs@ircd-hybrid.org

Please read doc/whats-new.txt for information about what is in this release

Other files recommended for reading: BUGS, README.FIRST, INSTALL

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$Id: RELNOTES,v 1.95 2005/06/28 21:31:30 metalrock Exp $
